What are you doing? You just said you saved the old lady.
Yeah, I use kittens.
In addition to trying to find out who is behind your harm
And by the way, disarm the boneless seed he planted for the old lady
Mr. and Mrs. Shen will be discharged from the hospital tomorrow
I saved the old lady, can I leave you a reward?
The burst water break can restore half of the snacks in only 10 minutes
If I could take 2 minutes off, I would be fully recovered
Hey
Stay by yourself and wake up
Miss Su, the old lady is back
Specifies to see you
old lady
The old lady is the person Shen Xiujin cares about the most
Then I want to marry Shen Xiujin
Then I have to report this thigh
Drink less alcohol
Come on, let grandma see
Ah!
Ha ha.
So beautiful
Grandma loves my grandma
Why didn't you tell me you were discharged early?
Hmph, tell you hello in advance and continue to lie to me.
You have already found my precious granddaughter-in-law
And deliberately hide it from me
Ouch, grandma, don't hit him, it's all my fault.
Okay, don't hum.
Such a loving wife
Where are we going to find one?
I don't know yet, cherish it
If it is broken, how can you find such a good zero foundation?
Ouch.
My baby granddaughter and Ah Jing are sitting together
Match it
Hurry up and get a license to get married today
Ok ok ok what ok